	This is ColdSync, a tool for synchronizing data between Palm
devices and Unix workstations.

	Copyright (C) 1999, Andrew Arensburger.

	The latest version of this package is available at
	http://www.ooblick.com/software/coldsync/

	This package is distributable under the terms of the Artistic
License. You should have received a file called "Artistic", which
specifies the terms under which this package may be distributed and
modified.
	The Artistic License is taken from the Perl 5.005_03
distribution, so some of the text is specific to Perl and does not
apply to ColdSync. I hope to address this in a future release.

	This product includes software developed by the University of
California, Berkeley and its contributors.

	       ----------------------------------------

* WHAT IS COLDSYNC?

	ColdSync is a tool for synchronizing data between Palm
computing devices (such as the PalmPilot, PalmPilot Pro, Palm V,
QualComm PDQ, and so forth), and a Unix workstation.
	ColdSync can back up and restore the state of a Palm, as well
as synchronize its data, which is sort of like a two-way rdist (see
below). In future versions, it will be possible to do more interesting
things with this data.

* BUILDING AND INSTALLING COLDSYNC

	If you've built GNU software before, this should be familiar
territory. You should be able to just

	./configure
	make
	make install

Full details are provided in the "INSTALL" file.

* WHAT IS SYNCHRONIZING?

	Synchronizing, also referred to as "syncing" refers to the
process of examining two databases (everything on the Palm is a
database) to see how they differ, and updating them so that they are
identical.
	Syncing is different from just overwriting one database with
the other. For instance, if you add an entry for "Aunt Mabel" in your
Palm's address book, and an entry for "Uncle Bob" on your desktop
machine, then you don't want to just copy the address book from the
Palm to the desktop or vice-versa: that would delete one of the
entries that you just created. When you sync with ColdSync, you'll
wind up with both entries, on both the Palm and the desktop.

	Another difference between synchronizing and blind copying
lies in the fact that PalmOS has facilities to support syncing. If you
have 2000 entries in your Palm address book and want to copy them to
the desktop, it'll take a rather long time to copy them over a
relatively slow serial connection. When it syncs, ColdSync copies only
those records that have changed.

	ColdSync tries to be very cautious when it syncs, and not
delete any information unless it is sure that that is the right thing
to do. Its attitude is that it's better to err on the side of caution,
and maybe make you delete something twice, than it is to delete some
crucial bit of information.

* SECURITY CONSIDERATIONS

	ColdSync is not secure. Period.
	I have tried to pay due attention to security considerations,
but the sync process itself is inherently insecure. When ColdSync,
running on a workstation, receives a connection from a Palm, it has no
reliable way of knowing that the Palm on the other end is in fact the
one that it claims to be.
	Likewise, when a Palm syncs with a workstation (whether that
workstation is using ColdSync or Palm's own HotSync), it has no
reliable way of knowing that the workstation is the one that it claims
to be.
	PalmOS allows you to mark records as "private." This doesn't
mean a thing when you sync: the private and non-private records are
treated equally. In particular, anyone who has physical access to your
Palm can download your private records.

	There may be a Palm utility out there that will encrypt each
record in a database before a sync, but I don't know of any such
utility.

* Y2K COMPLIANCE

	To the best of my knowledge and belief, ColdSync itself is
fully Y2K-compliant. Where it deals with times and dates, it uses
either Unix-style "time_t"s, which count the number of seconds since
Jan. 1, 1970, or Palm-style time structures, which record the number
of years since 1904. Hence, there is nothing special about the year
2000, and any problems that ColdSync may exhibit in the years 2000 and
beyond will be due to other causes.
	And even if there is a problem, ColdSync comes without any
guarantees of any kind, so don't bug me about it. You have the source,
so fix it.

	       ----------------------------------------

COMPATIBILITY NOTES (as of version 0.4.6):

FreeBSD:
	This package was developed under FreeBSD 3.x, and compiles
	cleanly with no modification under 3.1-RELEASE and
	3.2-RELEASE.

Linux:
	Tested under Redhat 6.0.

	Egcs's implementation of 'toupper()' is broken: when you
	compile with "-pedantic" (or is it "-ansi"?), it complains
	about

		"ANSI C forbids braced-groups within expressions"

	This can be ignored.

Solaris:
	Tested under Solaris 2.5 and 2.6.

	Compiles cleanly using gcc 2.8.1. Doesn't compile with gcc
	2.95.1, though that may just be a problem with the
	installation on the machine where I tested it.

AIX:
	Appears to compile cleanly under AIX 4.2 with gcc 2.7.2.3.
	This hasn't been extensively tested, though.
