	This is ColdSync, a tool for synchronizing data between Palm
devices and Unix workstations.

	Copyright (C) 1999, 2000, Andrew Arensburger.

	The latest version of this package is available at
	http://www.ooblick.com/software/coldsync/

	This package is distributable under the terms of the Artistic
License. You should have received a file called "Artistic", which
specifies the terms under which this package may be distributed and
modified.
	The Artistic License is taken from the Perl 5.005_03
distribution, so some of the text is specific to Perl and does not
apply to ColdSync. I hope to address this in a future release.

	This product includes software developed by the University of
California, Berkeley and its contributors.

	       ----------------------------------------

* WHAT IS COLDSYNC?

	ColdSync is a tool for synchronizing data between Palm
computing devices (such as the PalmPilot, PalmPilot Pro, Palm V,
QualComm PDQ, Handspring Visor and so forth), and a Unix workstation.
	ColdSync can back up and restore the state of a Palm, as well
as synchronize its data, which is sort of like a two-way rdist (see
below). In future versions, it will be possible to do more interesting
things with this data.

* BUILDING AND INSTALLING COLDSYNC

	If you've built GNU software before, this should be familiar
territory. You should be able to just

	./configure
	make
	make install

Full details are provided in the "INSTALL" file.

* WHAT IS SYNCHRONIZING?

	Synchronizing, also referred to as "syncing" refers to the
process of examining two databases (everything on the Palm is a
database) to see how they differ, and updating them so that they are
identical.
	Syncing is different from just overwriting one database with
the other. For instance, if you add an entry for "Aunt Mabel" in your
Palm's address book, and an entry for "Uncle Bob" on your desktop
machine, then you don't want to just copy the address book from the
Palm to the desktop or vice-versa: that would delete one of the
entries that you just created. When you sync with ColdSync, you'll
wind up with both entries, on both the Palm and the desktop.

	Another difference between synchronizing and blind copying
lies in the fact that PalmOS has facilities to support syncing. If you
have 2000 entries in your Palm address book and want to copy them to
the desktop, it'll take a rather long time to copy them over a
relatively slow serial connection. When it syncs, ColdSync copies only
those records that have changed.

	ColdSync tries to be very cautious when it syncs, and not
delete any information unless it is sure that that is the right thing
to do. Its attitude is that it's better to err on the side of caution,
and maybe make you delete something twice, than it is to delete some
crucial bit of information.

* SECURITY CONSIDERATIONS

	ColdSync is not secure. Period.
	I have tried to pay due attention to security considerations,
but the sync process itself is inherently insecure. When ColdSync,
running on a workstation, receives a connection from a Palm, it has no
reliable way of knowing that the Palm on the other end is in fact the
one that it claims to be.
	Likewise, when a Palm syncs with a workstation (whether that
workstation is using ColdSync or Palm's own HotSync), it has no
reliable way of knowing that the workstation is the one that it claims
to be.
	PalmOS allows you to mark records as "private." This doesn't
mean a thing when you sync: the private and non-private records are
treated equally. In particular, anyone who has physical access to your
Palm can download your private records.

	There may be a Palm utility out there that will encrypt each
record in a database before a sync, but I don't know of any such
utility.

* INTERNATIONALIZATION

	As of version 1.1.3, ColdSync includes some
internationalization (i18n) support. However, this only works with the
GNU gettext package.
	The message catalogs are not installed by default. If you want
to install them,
	% cd i18n
	% make install-i18n

	       ----------------------------------------

COMPATIBILITY NOTES

* ColdSync 1.1.7:

FreeBSD:
	This package was developed under FreeBSD 3.x/4.x, and compiles
	cleanly with no modification under 3.3-RELEASE and
	4.0-RELEASE.

	On newer versions of FreeBSD (4.0 and beyond), it's possible
	to communicate with the Handspring Visor using its USB
	interface. Configure a listen type of "usb" rather than
	"serial", and use device /dev/ugen0.

	gcc 2.95.2 complains that:
	.../src/GenericConduit.cc:2238: warning: mktemp() possibly used unsafely; consider using mkstemp()
	This can be ignored.

Redhat Linux 6.1:
	(as of ColdSync v1.1.4)
	egcs 2.91.66 appears to be of two minds as to whether chars
	should be signed or unsigned. With no options, you'll get
	errors about "/usr/include/bits/string2.h:611: warning:
	pointer targets in return differ in signedness". To fix this,
	run 'configure' with CFLAGS set to "-funsigned-char":

		CFLAGS=-funsigned-char ./configure	(sh, bash)
		env CFLAGS=-funsigned-char ./configure	(csh, tcsh)

	(as of ColdSync v0.4.6)
	Egcs's implementation of 'toupper()' is broken: when you
	compile with "-pedantic" (or is it "-ansi"?), it complains
	about

		"ANSI C forbids braced-groups within expressions"

	This can be ignored.

Solaris 2.6:
	(as of v1.1.8)
	Compiles cleanly with gcc 2.8.1.

	Doesn't compile with 'lex'. Compiles cleanly with 'flex',
	though.

	(as of ColdSync v1.1.4)
	Compiles cleanly with gcc 2.8.1. Runs fine.

	Doesn't compile with gcc 2.95.1, though that may just be a
	problem with the installation on the machine where I tested
	it.

	ColdSync is known not to work with Sun's i18n utilities: in
	particular, 'xgettext' only looks for `gettext("some string")'
	and not `_("some string")', which is what ColdSync uses.

Digital Unix 4.0:
	(as of ColdSync v1.1.2)
	Compiles with gcc 2.7.2. Prints a warning about not being able
	to find prototypes for 'cfmakeraw()' or 'lstat()'. These
	function exist in /usr/lib/libc.a, but I haven't been able to
	find a prototype for it.

AIX 4.1:
	(as of ColdSync v1.1.2)
	Compiles with gcc 2.7.2, but when linking, complains that:

		ld: 0711-224 WARNING: Duplicate symbol: _IO_cleanup_registration_needed
		ld: 0711-345 Use the -bloadmap or -bnoquiet option to obtain more information.

	This may be a problem with the installation, though (the same
	thing happens when compiling "Hello, world").

	I've only compiled it. I don't know whether it actually runs.

	       ----------------------------------------

BUGS:
	If you create a Memo record, delete it without leaving the
editor, and check the "Save archive copy on PC" box, it will be
archived, but the archived record may contain trailing garbage.
	This is due to a bug in PalmOS (as of 3.0).
